# Source Code Folder for Project 2

Updated verisons of the source code are included in this file. Python file and Jupyter Notebook file types of "P2_Source_Code" are included. 


Within the files, the structure of the code is largely oriented around three sections: Installs and Imports, Detection Model with Single Items, and Detection Model with Multiple Items. Users should follow each section carefully to reproduce the desired outputs. This ReadMe includes a supplemental documentation to the main repository and gives a detailed account of each section's code. 


### Installs and Imports
Our model an engineered adaptation of the MediaPipe Object Detector. The original code is referenced and acknowledged in the main repository ReadMe. This model allows the user to detect the presence and location of multiple classes of objects in Python. In order to run this model, the following imports/installs must be loaded into the Python software: MediaPipe library, displaying imports, object detection imports, and MediaPipe "EfficientDet-Lite2 (int8)" model. 

Specifically with respect to the "efficientdet_lite2.tflite" file, the model will not run unless this object is in the files section in Google Colab/Python software/Jupyter Notebook. This file is included in the SRC folder. See the codeblock below. 

```
#Filepath for downloaded MediaPipe "EfficientDet-Lite2 (int8)" model
model_path = "/content/efficientdet_lite2.tflite"
```


### Detection Model: Single Images with Single Items
The code within this section is specifically tailored to utilize the Object Detector model on images with single items. Once a user imports a given image, the code is written to outline and display the detected objects in an image. After the model runs the code generates a dataframe in order to store the initial detection results/accuracy of the model. This code CANNOT be utilized for images with multiple items. The final table generated by the model can be found in the figures folder. 


### Detection Model: Single Image with Multiple Items
The code within this section is specifically tailored to utilize the Object Detector model on images with multiple items. Once a user imports a given image, the code is initally identical to the model built for images with single items. Instead of generating an accuracy table, however, the code displays the success of the model through a annotated image. If the model successfully identifies the object, it should be enclosed in a red box and labeled with both the name of the object and the model accuracy. The final annotated images can be found in the figures folder. 

As a result of not utilizing a data table to test for accuracy, the model generates a price point for each bundle of groceries. The final prices for each group of groceries can also be found in the figures folder. 


#### Note: The original file can be found on [Google Colaboratory](https://colab.research.google.com/drive/1YPt-yQZR_OffM-WwLsKOsho0I5PVS_6A?usp=sharing](https://colab.research.google.com/drive/14-p9glhQ1IrUiko6xtq0YeYRt7nQd3yb?usp=sharing)https://colab.research.google.com/drive/14-p9glhQ1IrUiko6xtq0YeYRt7nQd3yb?usp=sharing).  
